---
title: whoami
date: 2022-09-26 09:00:00 +0200
categories: [whoami]
tags: [whoami]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

I’ve been an enthusiast of technology since I was a child. I remember my first days with a computer, trying to explore every nook of the Operating System (it was Windows 2000) in the after-school computer classes I attended.

Everything changed when I was gifted my first computer. Thanks to the power of Google and YouTube, I started to learn how computers worked and installed my first Linux distros. Ever since that, I haven’t stopped learning on my own.

First, I started learning Linux basics (It was very useful to buy a Raspberry Pi), until I was comfortable working with the terminal. I also set up a home server with multiple services. From Web Servers to Mail Servers, VPN Servers, etc. This helped me to understand how these services wokr and how to configure them. I also started to learn about Docker and how to deploy services in a simple way.

When it was time to go to college, I chose a bachelor’s degree in telecommunications engineering, I made that decision because I had a huge interest in knowing more about computers and radio waves. In the third course, I chose the telematics specialty, as it was the one most related to computers. This has allowed me to learn networking, how to program in different languages such as C or Java and how different protocols work in a low level. I also studied on my own how to program in Python and Bash.

Second time everything changed was when I discovered what Pentesting and Ethical Hacking were (never knew that they could be a job). For me, they were everything I needed, and from the first time, I knew that they would be the job I always wanted.

In the last year of college, I had to do my bachelor’s thesis. I chose a thesis that was related to cybersecurity and AI, titled `On the interplay between performance, efficiency and interpretability of Machine Learning models for Malware Detection`. This thesis discusses the value of different machine learning models in a malware detection problem, and it was entirely written in Python.

Since I discovered Ethical Hacking, I have been constantly learning about it. At first, I started watching videos of people solving CTFs and explaining concepts about Hacking. Then, I started solving my first labs and reading Bug-Bounty write-ups, as they are very creative and often use new techniques that are worth learning.

Now, I’m trying to improve my skills, learning every day and am willing to have my first opportunity as a Pentester.